His Royal Highness
The concubine heard a message
Love the concubine, but it doesn't matter
The concubine heard that Zhuge Liang, one of the three great talents in the capital
At the palace gate
He scolded His Royal Highness the Crown Prince and Ke Ju
That's all he said
What did he say?
He also said that the prince is just an incompetent person
Playing with the imperial examinations
Empress Dowager, shouldn't you?
I do imperial examinations
The poor disciples of Jianju should praise me
Where is Zhuge Liang now?
In Sirius he insulted His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
So he was captured by the elite guards at the entrance of the palace
Ah put on
kneel down
ask you
If the hero falls to someone like you in the future, it will benefit
Wang Jun was rude
Don't be afraid that I will kill you with five orders
I bah
The head can be broken and the blood can flow
I can't lose Sister Ren Qi
Even if you die
He also died for all the poor disciples in the world
It's better to die
Unexpectedly, Zhuge Liang, one of the three great talents in the capital
It's such a powerful thing
Why don't you kill me?
You said it yourself
It is to stand up for the children of the poor family in the world
Why should I kill you?
Come sit here